metrics blog tutorial code (#5)
great-expectations/gx_tutorials: metrics_pillars_of_observability_tutorial/README.md

# Metrics Pillars of Observability Blog 

> This repository contains the final version of the "Metrics Pillars of Observability" tutorial code. The tutorial itself can be found at [here on our docs site](https://greatexpectations.io/blog/start-emitting-metrics-and-establish-the-second-pillar-of-observability).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the final version of the "Metrics Pillars of Observability" tutorial code. The tutorial itself can be found at [here on our docs site](https://greatexpectations.io/blog/start-logging-and-establish-the-first-pillar-of-observability).
```
